Save water. Shower with me.
I'm going to be honest with you. I'm 10% charming and 90% horny right now.
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
I like your approach... now let's see your departure.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber. If you were a fruit, you'd be a fine-apple. But since you're a person, you're just fine... and I want a piece.
What did the VRChat veteran say to the newbie? "Welcome to the thunderdome. The mirrors are over there."
I was feeling a little off today, but you've definitely turned me on.
I'd let you see my untextured base mesh.
Let's make our own "Just H" world, but we'll skip the "H" and get straight to the "U and I."
You have a great smile. It would look even better in my kitchen tomorrow morning.
I'm not saying you're a snack, but I'm definitely hungry.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself "This changes everything."
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
My "Go Home" button must be broken, because I can't seem to leave your side.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see, and I'm ready to visit your Graceland.
What's the difference between a VRChat e-boy and a server crash? Nothing, they both ruin the mood unexpectedly.
I started a new business making yachts in my attic. The sales are through the roof.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again... maybe with fewer clothes on?
Forget public lobbies, let's start our own private instance.
You're like a good bottle of wine. I want to swirl you, sniff you, and then have you on my table all night.
Are you the Great Pug? Because I want to spend all my time with you and tell everyone I know.
You must have yourIK Tweaks set just right, because your every move is captivating.
Are you my appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me want to take you out.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
A man walks into a library and asks the librarian for books about paranoia. She whispers, "They're right behind you!"
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other is the husband.
You. Me. Dinner. Then for dessert, you again.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
My diet plan: make all of my friends cupcakes. The fatter they get, the thinner I look.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours? Or we could just skip that and I could get your address.
I just realized that this bartender is a bad mixologist, so how about we make our own drinks at my place?
Feel my shirt. Know what it's made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material. And it's machine washable for whatever we get into tonight.
I'm not usually into headpats, but for you, I'll make an exception. And maybe more.
That outfit would look great on my bedroom floor.
You must be a custom shader, because you make my whole world look better.
My sleep schedule is like a VRChat world: non-existent and probably full of Japanese text.
I'm an adventurer, and I want to explore your every curve.
I must be a Questie, because I can't see all your best features yet, but I'm dying to.
You make my framerate drop, but my heart rate spike.
My therapist told me I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
I'm not trying to be forward, but I'd rather be behind.
I'm usually a mute, but you make me want to turn my mic on.
Let's skip the small talk. My place or yours?
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name. And what time you want me to come over.
Let's play a game. Winner takes the other one home.
If I were a cat, I'd spend all nine lives with you. At least the first few would be... energetic.
Let's go somewhere we can turn off safety settings.
Are you my new mattress? Because I'd love to try you out for a few nights.
I just got my doctor's test results and I'm really upset about it. He says I can't have a beer... for the rest of his appointment.
I've got full-body tracking, and I'm ready to test its limits with you.
I have 1000 friends on VRChat. I know the names of 3 of them.
I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me as he was dying. It seemed very important to him that I have it.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because your face is fine but I bet landing on it was rough. Let me kiss it better.
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me
Why don't VRChat players make good thieves? Because they always leave their trackers behind.
Is your locomotion set to "fly"? Because you've been soaring through my mind all night.
Forget Netflix and chill. I'm thinking Prime and commitment. Or just Prime.
Kissing is a language of love, so how about a conversation?
Are you an unoptimized avatar? Because you just made my world crash.
"Full-Body Ready" is the new "6-foot tall" on dating profiles.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for... and I'm ready to go down a rabbit hole.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
I asked a bartender for something cold and full of rum. He introduced me to his ex-wife.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families, and careers.
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
What do you call a person with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out? And maybe take you home?
I’m not an organ donor, but I’d be happy to give you my heart. And maybe a few other organs for a few hours.
If being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged. I'd be happy to serve your sentence with you.
You're the kind of avatar I'd favorite immediately.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got 'fine' written all over you, and I'm not even mad about it.
My doctor told me I'm lacking Vitamin U.
Is your avatar from Booth? Because you're a premium-quality asset.
What's a VRChat player's favorite type of math? Geome-tree, especially when it's low-poly.
What do my dad and Nemo have in common? They both can't be found.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
What do you call a VRChat player who only stands in front of the mirror? Self-reflecting.
I spent 8 hours in VRChat yesterday. My FitBit thinks I'm in a coma.
I asked my friend why he was laying on the floor in VRChat. He said he was just "grounded."
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears, and I feel a little something in my pants.
You can invade my personal space bubble anytime.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture us together. Probably naked.
Trying to date on VRChat is weird. You find a perfect 10, then they take off the avatar and they're a literal toaster.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
Do you like sleeping? Me too. We should do it together sometime.
Let's find a cuddle puddle and see if we can "optimize" our positions.
Are you a 45-degree angle? Because you're a-cute-y, and I'm thinking of all the other positions we could try.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
My back hurts from carrying my team in FPS games. My back hurts from carrying my legs in VRChat.
Are you using an audio-reactive shader? Because you light up when I talk to you.
My avatar is more optimized than my life.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude you're sexy.
My love for you is like a Quest 2 battery life – intense, but it won't last all night without a link cable.
My bed is broken. Can I sleep in yours?
What's the difference between a G-spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually spend 20 minutes looking for the golf ball.
I’m learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
You're so sweet, you're giving me a toothache... and other aches in other places.
You must be a campfire, because you're hot and I want s'more.
I can’t taste my lips, can you do it for me?
Are you a world creator? Because you've just designed my perfect reality.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you. And other things.
Do you have phantom sense? Because I'm feeling a connection even when we're not touching.
I don't need a mirror to know I'm looking at someone I want to get closer to.
I'd risk getting a red "Very Poor" performance rating just to be in the same world as you.
Why did the VRChat user break up with their partner? They said the relationship felt too "virtual."
I'm like a Rubik's Cube. The more you play with me, the harder I get.
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? You can't take a joke.
My PC fans get louder than a rave in The Black Cat when you load in.
You must be a loan from a bank, because you have my interest.
